GEOGRAPHY
Where can you see a kangaroo? - Australia
Where is the Great Wall? - China
Which continent is Egypt in? - Africa
What city is the ALT from? - Portland
Which is the smallest prefecture in Japan? - Kagawa
Which prefecture is Lake Biwa in? - Shiga
Which country is Cairo in? - Egypt
What is the second largest country in the world? - Canada
Name another country that is on the same island as England? - Scotland or Wales
Which country’s flag has red and white stripes and white stars in the top left corner? – U.S.A.
What is the biggest prefecture in Japan? - Hokkaido
Name the four main islands of Japan. - Hokkaido, Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku
Which continent is Egypt in? - Africa
What is the highest mountain in the world? - Mt Everest
What is the world's biggest ocean? - The Pacific 
What is the tallest mountain in Africa? - Mt Kilimanjaro 
In which country is Mount Olympus? - Greece 
How many states are in the USA? - 50 
What is the world's biggest country? - Russia 
Which river runs through London? - The Thames 
What is the biggest prefecture in Honshu? - Iwate
What city is Yui Arigaki from? - Naha

MUSIC
Which band is Kimura Takuya in? - SMAP
Which band sang the song “Linda Linda”? - The Blue Hearts
What does SMAP stand for? - Sports Music Assemble People
Who is the lead singer of Mongol 800? - Uezu Kiyosaku
Where is the band Orange Range from? - Okinawa 
How many members are there in the band EXILE? - 14 members
What Japanese artist did the theme song for the Kingdom Hearts video games? - Utada Hikaru
What is ex-Prime Minister Koizumi’s favorite rock band? - X-Japan
Who sang “Seasons” and “M?” - Hamasaki Ayumi 
What was Orange Range's first album called? - 1st Contact
Who are the biggest selling Japanese band of all time? - B’z
Which female artist has sold the most records in the world? - Celene Dion

SPORTS
What sport does Arakawa Shizuka play? - Figure Skating  
What country is Kotooshu from? - Bulgaria
Who is the #1 breaststroker in the world? - Kitajima
What soccer team does Ronaldo play for? - Manchester United
Who was the softball pitcher for Team Japan in the 2008 Olympics? - Ueno 
Which team is the rival of Hanshin Tigers? - Yomiuri Giants 
What is the name of the foreign sumo wrestler from Bulgaria? - Kotooshu
Which city are the Hanshin Tigers from? - Nishinomiya
Who is the soccer coach of the Japan national team? - Takeshi Okada
What is the nickname of the NZ rugby team? - All Blacks
In tennis, what is 0 (zero) points called? - love
Name 4 sports that don't use balls. – e.g. horse racing, running, ice hockey, sumo
Which team won the Japan Baseball Series last year? - Saitama Seibu Lions
You can watch a Grand Sumo Tournament in 4 cities. Name 2 that are not Tokyo. - Nagoya, Osaka, Fukuoka
Where will the soccer World Cup be held in 2010? - South Africa
Which country do the Olympics come from? - Greece
How many players are there on a rugby team? - 15
Where are the Olympics in August? - Beijing
What is Hideo Nomo's uniform number? - 16
Who won the 2007 Konami Cup Asia Series baseball tournament? - Chunichi Dragons

CAPITAL CITIES
USA - Washington DC
Taiwan - Taipei
Mexico - Mexico City
Vietnam - Hanoi
Colombia - Bogota
Russia? - Moscow
Australia? - Canberra 
Canada? - Ottawa
Indonesia? - Jakarta

MISCELLANEOUS
Who wrote “Okuno-hosomichi?” - Basho 
Who drew the cartoon, “Astro Boy?” - Tezuka Osamu
How many prefectures are there in Japan? - 47
How many numbers are there in Japanese postal codes? - 7 
In what year did Okinawa become part of Japan? - 1972
Who is on 5000 yen? - Nitobe Inazo (to 2004) / Ichiyo Higuchi (from late 2004)
Who was the Japanese astronaut in the Discovery space shuttle? - Noguchi
How many people are there in the Isono family? - 7 
In an elevator, what does the “B” button stand for? - Basement
What is the most popular cell phone network in Japan? - DoCoMo
How many people use the internet in Japan? - 87.5 million/69%
What island is the book “Twenty Four Eyes” about? - Shodoshima

ENTERTAINMENT
Which American actor plays Jack Sparrow? - Johnny Depp
What British character goes to a magic school called Hogwarts? - Harry Potter
What Japanese movie won an American Oscar award last month? - Okuribito
What country is Avril Lavigne from? - Canada
Which comic book movie was the biggest movie of the year? - Batman The Dark Knight
Who played Batman? - Christian Bale
What actor plays Jack Sparrow? - Johnny Depp
What is the English name for Tetsuwan Atomu? - Astro Boy
Who goes to school at Hogwarts? - Harry Potter
What country is Orlando Bloom from? - England
What is the English name for Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi? - Spirited Away

CELEBRITY COUNTRIES
Barrack Obama - USA
Cristiano Ronaldo - Portugal
Kotooshu Katsunori - Bulgaria
Orlando Bloom - UK
Arnold Schwarzenneger – Austria

ANIMALS
What kind of animal is Doraemon? - cat
Which country do pandas come from? - China
Which bird lays the biggest eggs? - ostrich
What is the fastest insect at running? - cockroach
What animal sleeps standing up? - horse, flamingo
What animal has fingerprints most like ours? – koala
What is the fastest animal on land? - Cheetah 
What is the tallest animal? - Giraffe 
What is the biggest animal in the world? - Blue whale

CHRISTMAS
What do people put on top of the Christmas tree? - star, angel
What is Santa’s last name?? - Claus
What bird do people usually eat at Christmas in the UK, America etc.? - turkey
Where does Santa live? - the North Pole, Greenland
What is the day after Christmas called? - Boxing Day

BONUS
How many keys are on a standard piano? - 88
How many countries include English as an official language? - 54
What is the English name of the Japanese holiday that takes place on the second Monday in October? - Health and Sports day?
What country has the second largest population in the world? - India
Which is the longest mountain range in the world? - The Andes
Which is the deepest ocean in the world? - The Pacifi 